---
cover: /articles/stock-ex.jpg
date: 2023-08-23
layout: article
draft: true
remoteUrl: https://pedropcamellon.notion.site/Setting-Up-the-Environment-515c79baedcc41a7ac7e0ac956502692
---

# Building a Stock Exchange with .NET Core 6 and Vue.js

Creating a blog with Alpine is a command away, as well as deploying to many platforms.

## Introduction

In the exciting world of software development, harnessing the power of modern frameworks to solve complex problems is a common practice. One of these modern frameworks is [ASP.NET Core 6](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/apps/aspnet), an open-source, cross-platform framework developed by Microsoft. Its versatility and robustness make it an ideal choice for creating a wide range of applications, including a stock exchange system. In this comprehensive guide, we will delve deeper into the process of developing a stock exchange system using ASP.NET Core 6.

One of the key components of our stock exchange system is the web client, which is the user interface that allows users to interact with our system. For this, we will be using Vue.js, a popular JavaScript framework for building user interfaces. Vue.js is known for its simplicity and ease of use, making it a great choice for beginners. However, it's also powerful enough for more complex applications, thanks to its component-based architecture and robust ecosystem. With Vue.js, we can create a responsive, user-friendly web client that integrates seamlessly with our .NET Core 6 service.